hello welcome back to recap central
today we'll be recapping halloween kills
2021 a horror thriller
don't forget to like and subscribe for
more movie recaps with that let's get
started the film begins in the current
day with a little kid called cameron and
lamb also known as alison nelson's
boyfriend from the previous film finding
a wounded deputy frank hawkins played by
will patton hawkins was stabbed by
michael's doctor towards the conclusion
of the last film if you remember we
travel back to 1978 when a young hawkins
now portrayed by thomas mann meets
michael myers for the first time
hawkins unintentionally murders his
colleague in cold blood while attempting
to shoot michael in the current day
previous victims of michael myers 1978
slaughter met for a halloween night
reunion at a pub in haddonfield
tommy doyle played by anthony michael
hall leads the reunion since he was one
of the children laurie was babysitting
in 1978 when michael assaulted them
second survivors include the other child
lorry was babysitting lindsay wallace
cameron's father lonnie former
haddenfield sheriff bracket marion
chambers a former aide to dr lumiz and
many newcomers meanwhile lori strode
curtis karen judy greer and alison andy
matichak are all being taken to the
hospital
they had just completed confining
michael in a cellar and setting him on
fire believing that they had finally
killed him
on their approach to the hospital
however they see firemen coming to the
site
when we return to the burning building
we find that not only did michael
survive but he's continuing on a
murdering rampage beginning with the
firemen who rescued him
lori is still unconscious from
painkillers she survived her stab wound
but will need to recover alison chooses
to accompany her boyfriend cameron in
the search for michael myers despite her
mother's objections when the reunited
survivors discover that michael is still
alive and stabbing they decide to go
after him together
tommy says that evil dies tonight and
that they can beat him if they all work
together the remainder of the film
follows the survivors as they try to
assassinate michael myers
they all fail as you may have guessed
michael's hand kills a lot of people
a furious crowd gathers in the hospital
where lori is being treated and they
corner a guy they assume to be michael
myers
lori and her daughter karen attempt to
convince everyone that the guy is not
michael but no one believes them
when he realizes he is besieged by a
hostile crowd the guy leaps out of the
hospital window and commits himself
lonnie believes michael will return to
his boyhood home or the location where
he usually returns after a murdering
spree
he's correct michael did return to his
boyhood home and murder the lovely
couple who lived there alison cameron
allison's boyfriend and cameron's father
lonnie all confront michael at his home
michael assassinates both lonnie and
cameron
karen appears at the last second to
rescue her daughter just as he seems to
be ready to murder allison as well
karen stabs michael in the back with a
pitchfork
she stomps on his head removing his mask
we can tell he is balding but we don't
see his face karen uses michael's
disguise to tease him luring him out of
the home and away from her daughter
she takes him to a street where tommy
and the rest of the gang are preparing
to ambush the murderer
michael reapplies his mask and the mob
beats him up with bats and other blood
zoning weapons but surprisingly few
firearms
michael is still shot at least four
times
karen stabs herself with a knife and
then returns to allison
the mob then stops assaulting michael
because they believe he is dead
of course this is incorrect
michael who is not dead regains control
and fights the crowd
despite hardly firing any weapons the
mob has run out of ammunition many more
people including tommy parish karen on
the other hand has returned to michael's
home
she seems to glimpse something through
the upstairs window which used to be
michael's sister judith's room
she enters the room and looks out the
window michael then assaults her and
stabs her while it's conceivable that
karen may survive a close-up of judy
greer's motionless glassy eyeball
indicates that she isn't
michael stares out his sister's bedroom
window as the film comes to a close
thank you for watching if you enjoyed
the recap consider subscribing to see
more recaps like this
tune in until next time